Update reorganization (#659)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/updating/2_merge_composer.md

# 2. Merge composer.json

## Manual merging

!!! note "Sorted packages since 2.4 changes"

>     Since 2.4 packages in `composer.json` are sorted, which means more conflicts when updating to 2.4, but far fewer conflicts in the future. This is controlled by [sort-packages](https://getcomposer.org/doc/06-config.md#sort-packages) config in `composer.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Because the 2.4 packages in `composer.json` are sorted, there will be more conflicts when updating to 2.4, but far fewer conflicts in the future. This is controlled by [sort-packages](https://getcomposer.org/doc/06-config.md#sort-packages) config in `composer.json`.
```

Conflicts in `composer.json` need to be fixed manually. If you're not familiar with the diff output, you may checkout the tag's version and inspect the changes. It should be readable for most:

**From your new update branch**

``` bash
git checkout --theirs composer.json && git diff HEAD composer.json
```

You should see what was changed, as compared to your own version, in the diff output. The update changes the requirements for all of the `ezsystems/` packages. Those changes should be left untouched. All of the other changes will be removals of what you added for your own project. Use `git checkout -p` to selectively cancel those changes:

``` bash
git checkout -p composer.json
```

Answer `no` (do not discard) to the requirement changes of `ezsystems` dependencies. Answer `yes` (discard) to removals of your changes.

> Once you are done, inspect the file, either using an editor or by running `git diff composer.json`. You may also test the file's sanity with `composer validate`, and test the dependencies by running `composer update --dry-run`. (will output what it would do to dependencies, without applying the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are done, inspect the file, by either using an editor or running `git diff composer.json`. You may also test the file's sanity with `composer validate`, and test the dependencies by running `composer update --dry-run` (it will output what it would do to the dependencies, without applying the changes).
```

> Once finished, run `git add composer.json` and commit`.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once finished, run `git add composer.json` and commit.
```
